ex. 14 p. 109
	c -> d -> f -> h -> i -> l -> a -> e -> g -> j -> b -> k

James Vernon in his article "Open online courses - an avalanche that might just get stopped" believes that massive open online cources is not a good way to get education. He pointS out that the quality of education cannot be effectively monitored and controlled.

Also James mentiones that if offered free, MOOCs bbring in no money and can even fail to cover their costs. And if businesses sell the MOOCs, low-achieving students have access to higher education.

As the result he demonstrate that academics are not enthusiastic about online higher education


ex.2 p.142
1, 4, 5, 9


emphasises, point out, asume, claim, inform, state, mention, believe, demonstrate, express, adds, asume, 
support



emphesasies, claim, asume, moreover, support, adds, express, finally



!!!!!!!!!!
Topic sentence - expresses the main idea of a paragraph and usualy comes with a begining of a paragraph. In order to collect the idea of a summury. It`s recommended to read each paragraph. And find topic sentences wich present the key ideas.



HW: write the summery of any article in net.
ex.5 p.148 -> read
ex.11 p.149 -> write
ex.4 p.111 -> write
ex.9 p.113 -> role play.
Перші 2 хв презентації...відіграти.


Present the signpost app launching.



|--NEW HW--|





ex.11 p. 149
	1) utsh -> thus
	2) eeeortfrh -> therefore
	3) iiwsklee -> likewise
	4) ehewrov -> however
	5) frthomueerr -> 
	6) iiiytnall -> initially
	7) llrvaoe -> overall

ex. 4 p.111
	1. The first point
	2. Once you have chosen the topic
	3. First of all 
	4. The second step in preparation 
	5. At this stage
	6. While getting ready
	7. Then
	8. After that

	9. Firstly
	10. Secondly
	11. Thirdly
	12. As for text organisation
	13. Another way to
	14. One more popular method for
	15. For example
	16. we can now move to the last point of
	17. That is why
	18. And the last piece of advice for today


ex.12 p.149
	1. As a result
	2. However
	3. Also
	4. Secondly
	5. thirdly
	6. finally
	7. Overall
	8. initially

ex.14 p.150
	1 expected
	2 impact
	3 interaction
	4 enhanced
	5 is likely to have
	6 escalate
	7 objective
	8 administered to 
	9 aspects
	10 examine

ex.15 p.150
	1) enhanced
	2) interaction
	3) escalate
	4) examine
	5) expected
	6) is likely to have
	7) administered to
	8) objective
	9) impact
	10) aspects




//---abstract

Nowdays people more and more are interested in aerial photography and flying drones for fun, DJI along with other drone manufacturers are starting to design and produce drones that meet casual consumer criteria and requirenment. As a result government of many world countries starting to design and provide rules and limitation to make usage safe and responsible. 

The objective of this research is to find and systematized the relation between governor of laws and drone market ___ to describe how governor limitation influence on drone manufacturers. The research summarize set of analyzes made by authoritative magazine.

According to the survey result, the new law, which limits the consumer drone size to 250 gr, refused many people of buying a drone. As a result, DJI has designed the drone which brings the company at brand new level and put other manufactures into difficult situation in many aspects. Firstly, because of the size and weight of the drone. It is only 249 gr which automatically put it off the government limitation. Secondly, because of technical innovation. Other manufacturers should spend a lot of time and money to compete with new DJI product. And finally because of drone accessibility. Almost everyone can get one to own.

Other companies are likely have no chance to overcome DJI monopoly in consumer aspect of market, they starting to fill gap in other areas like agriculture (Parrot), movie industry and mass media (Skydio) and etc. Overall every company found its own place at the market and continue developing in that way. In contrast, many analytics assume that it may lead to degradation of technology and decadence of innovation. Because companies have no competitors in their field!

So, as we can see, governor limits lead manufacturers to unexpected design decisions and continue force companies to improve their drones by limits in safety laws or with some kind of research grants.


//--MAIL

Mr. Paweł Mazurek, 
thank you for inviting me to be a speaker at SNEII-2019 conference. 
It is an honor for me to get your invitation and represent the Cherkasy State Technological University from Ukraine. 

As you requested in your previous letter, I send you the name of my presentation to fiil in the arrangenmet list. Also the presentation itself and the article for future publication are attatched to this email as well. 

Name of my topic is "Signpost travel project. Integration with salesforce via standard and custom api".

Looking forward to see you in person at the conference!

--
With best regards, 
Artem Kravchenko.




Development

CoreValue
Powered by Avenga

Email:   artem.kravchenko@avenga.com
Phone:  +380960153912
Skype:  arkravchenko0409

www.avenga.com


ex.3 p.164
	1 table
	2 line graph
	3 bar cahrt or histogram
	4 pie cahrt
	5 scatter plot




//----Chart description
The pie chart at fig 1 shows the percentage of each type of drone sold by DJI at last year. The red part is represented by the "spark" model, the yellow one belongs to "ryze tello", the green part - 'mavic air' and finally blue one shows 'mavic mini' value. As we may see from the chart, "mavic mini" has bigger amount at DJI income for last year, compared to "spark", however they both a consumer cinema drones. But part of ryze tello is much bigger that is was expected by marketing department! "Mavic air" showed quite good result but not well enough to reach our expectations. In general, the company did quite well job last year with "mavic mini" and "ryze tello", so we may expect some new accessories for that drones at this year. Also they should do something for "mavic air" to increese income for this year.



//----Presentation

1) Greet the audience
Hi everyone! Thanks for comeing!

2) Introduce yourself
My name is Artem. I`m an Saleforce Engeneer at CoreValue Avenga company.

3) Introduce the presentation topic and objectives
In next 20 minutes I would like to get acquainted you with such scary topic as "SignpostTravel
Integration with SalesForce via standard and custom API
". 
4) Outline the presentation structure
But don`t worry,  there are only 3 small and easy to understand topics hidden under this huge presentation name. So we`ll be overviewing the Signpost Travel application, talk a bit about what is it Salesforce platform itself and cover basics of integration processes with salesforce. 

5) Say when you would like to take questions
After that I`ll be happy to answer your questions. But if you`ll feel strong necessity to ask me during presentation, please feel free to do it!

6) Signal the begining of the talk / starting of main body (not covered with this task)
So, lets go step by step and start with signpost travel app. The reason why I want to outline exactly it is because .... 
 // main presentation body comes here.

7)Summarize the main points
As you see, SF is good for almost all requirements. It provide many out-of-box features and gives huge possibility to modify standard functions with it own programming language. 

8) Have a strong ending
Signpost travel is just one of plenty examples of beautiful and successful integration with SF Platform and I believe that it number will be constantly increasing.

9) Handle the questions
Yeh, so that`s all what I prepared for "official" part of presentation, if you have any questions or just want to hear some more details, this is the right time to ask me about it! I believe we have a couple of minutes for this.

10) Thank the audience
Ok, so I want to congratulate you, you survive my speeh and I hope found out something really interesting and inspirational for yourself! It was a great pleasure to work with such great audience. Thank you, by!


//--- partnership

Greatings Mr. Yakymenko!
I am  writing in a hope of establishing a partnership with your company! I am Artem Kravchenko, the leading developer at CoreValue Avenga company! I am writing you on behalf of SignpostTravel development and management teams! We provide route building and map analyzing services for our customers. Because of the enlargement of your company and starting operations on the Ukrainian market, I am honored to suggest partnership in our route optimisation services!

Our service provide detailed map of the world with plenty of locations, points and roads views. We have developed and constantly improving AI route builder system to provide our customers best route based on many different aspects. Althou our service builds the best way between several location, we have a special support team to help our customers found out the most optimal sets of such locations to establish the most useful and profitable bus lines!

I would like to provide you with several most known companies which we have already established mutually beneficial partnership! We have already worked with Ecolines and FlixBus. Provide our services to such cities as Cherkasy and Zhutomyr! And this is not the full list of our customers!

It would be a great pleasure to become an associated with logistic company as you! You can contact me any convenient way if you have any questions.

With best regards,
Artem Kravchenko


//--- summary

In his article named "The astounding athletic power of quadcopters", Raffaello D'Andrea demonstrates drones opportunities and unbelievable ways to control the space area. He claimed the theory of two independent universe objects - models which know everything about itself but nothing about other objects. Raffaello point out that objects can interact with each other even without knowledge about surrounding them environment. He support his theory by demonstrating the drone space area movements with a glass of water on it. The author adds that it can be any object and any type of drone to do such! He believes that his theory may helps to develop more reliable and easy to setup aircrafts.